README.md, before:

# Count Down Drupal module
A Docker based development workspace for the CCount Down Drupal Module.

The module is a wrapper over the [The Final Countdown](http://hilios.github.io/jQuery.countdown/) Javascript library developed by [@hilios](https://github.com/hilios)


### Docker
#### Wadmiraal
Based on https://hub.docker.com/r/wadmiraal/drupal/
> Please note that Docker should be already installed in your box. https://www.docker.com/products/docker

Start the container:

1. Web and Shell: `docker run -d -p 8080:80 -p 8022:22 -t wadmiraal/drupal:8`
2. Write code locally: ``docker run -d -p 8080:80  -p 8022:22 -v `pwd`/modules:/var/www/modules/custom -t wadmiraal/drupal:8``

Drupal and Shell access
* http://localhost:8080 (`admin`/`admin`)
* `ssh root@localhost -p8022` with password `root`


#### Drupal + MySQL
Base on https://hub.docker.com/_/drupal/

Start the MySQL container
1. `docker run --name drupal-mysql -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=root -d mysql:latest`

Start the Drupal container
2. ``docker run -d --link drupal-mysql:mysql -p 8080:80 -p 8022:22 -v `pwd`/modules:/var/www/html/modules/custom -t drupal:8``

##### Installation

* DB URL: `some-mysql`
* DB Name: `drupal`
* DB User: `root` / `root`

Manage the containers

* List: `docker ps -a`
* Stop: `docker stop {name}`
* Remove: `docker rm {name}`


#### Debug
Add the following lines at the end of the `setting.php`

```
/*
 * Enable debug
 */
error_reporting(E_ALL);
ini_set('display_errors', TRUE);
ini_set('display_startup_errors', TRUE);

$config['system.logging']['error_level'] = 'verbose';
```

Commit message:

chore(readme) Improve the instructions

README.md, after:

# Count Down Drupal module
This module is a wrapper over the [The Final Countdown](http://hilios.github.io/jQuery.countdown/) Javascript library developed by [@hilios](https://github.com/hilios)



### Docker
Instructions for a Docker based development workspace. The "Drupal + MySQL" option is recommended.

#### Drupal + MySQL
Base on https://hub.docker.com/_/drupal/

Start the MySQL container
1. `docker run --name drupal-mysql -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=root -d mysql:latest`

Start the Drupal container
2. ``docker run -d --link drupal-mysql:mysql -p 8080:80 -p 8022:22 -v `pwd`/modules:/var/www/html/modules/custom -t drupal:8``

##### Installation

* DB URL: `some-mysql`
* DB Name: `drupal`
* DB User: `root` / `root`

Manage the containers

* List: `docker ps -a`
* Stop: `docker stop {name}`
* Remove: `docker rm {name}`

#### Wadmiraal (deprecated)
Based on https://hub.docker.com/r/wadmiraal/drupal/
> Please note that Docker should be already installed in your box. https://www.docker.com/products/docker

Start the container:

1. Web and Shell: `docker run -d -p 8080:80 -p 8022:22 -t wadmiraal/drupal:8`
2. Write code locally: ``docker run -d -p 8080:80  -p 8022:22 -v `pwd`/modules:/var/www/modules/custom -t wadmiraal/drupal:8``

Drupal and Shell access
* http://localhost:8080 (`admin`/`admin`)
* `ssh root@localhost -p8022` with password `root`


#### SSH /Logs
Get SSH Access for the Container
* http://phase2.github.io/devtools/common-tasks/ssh-into-a-container/

Get Access to Apache logs
* https://github.com/blinkreaction/dde/issues/27#issuecomment-97982986

`docker logs {container name} -f`


#### Debug
Add the following lines at the end of the `setting.php`

```
/*
 * Enable debug
 */
error_reporting(E_ALL);
ini_set('display_errors', TRUE);
ini_set('display_startup_errors', TRUE);

$config['system.logging']['error_level'] = 'verbose';
```
